Docs aws modis (#201)
up42/docs: source/up42-blocks/data/aws-modis.rst

.. meta::
   :description: UP42 data blocks: AWS Modis MCD43A4 block description
   :keywords: MODIS, USGS, multispectral, full scene, block description, Terra, Aqua, MCD43A4, NBAR

.. _aws-modis-fullscene-block:

AWS Modis MCD43A4
=================
Please see the `block details page <https://marketplace.up42.com/block/98c1acfa-c141-4095-b2e6-acf52d110178>`_ for context.

Block type: ``DATA``

> This block provides full scenes of Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) MCD43A4 Version 6 Nadir Bidirectional

Reviewer: handful :) Maybe first say "full scenes of MODIS MCD43A4 product. This is the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS)  MCD43A4 Version 6 Nadir Bidirectional ...

Reflectance Distribution Function (BRDF)-Adjusted Reflectance (NBAR). The data is collected from `AWS MODIS bucket <https://registry.opendata.aws/modis-astraea/>`_

> in TIF format is produced daily using 16 days of Terra and Aqua MODIS data at 500 meter (m) resolution. The view angle effects are removed from the directional reflectances,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in TIF format. The image products are produced daily using 16 days of Terra and Aqua MODIS data at 500 meter (m) resolution. The view angle effects are removed from the directional reflectances,
```

> in TIF format. The image products are produced daily using 16 days of Terra and Aqua MODIS data at 500 meter (m) resolution. The view angle effects are removed from the directional reflectances,

Reviewer 2: Is not TIF is TIFF and I suppose it is a GeoTIFF not a regular TIFF.

> resulting in a stable and consistent NBAR product.

Reviewer 2: What is NBAR? Context link?

Important application areas for MODIS MCD43A4 imagery are: land cover monitoring (agriculture, forestry), inland water monitoring and flood mapping.

Supported query parameters
--------------------------

For more information on supported filters, see :ref:`query filter section  <filters>`.

> * ``ids``: MODIS product IDs. e.g. ``["MCD43A4.A2018212.h23v05.006.2018226175455",...,"MCD43A4.A2018213.h23v05.006.2018226181629"]``

Reviewer: Maybe add link to a ressource with the schema from nasa etc?

Reviewer 2: Is there a schema description anywhere for this?

  **or** ``intersects`` **or** ``bbox``.
* ``time``: A date range to filter scenes on. This range applies to the acquisition date/time of the scenes.
* ``limit``: An integer number of maximum results to return. Omit this to set no limit.

Example queries
---------------

Example query searching for images using ``intersects``, ``time`` and ``limit``:

.. code-block:: javascript

    {
      "aws-modis:1": {
        "ids": null,
        "time": "2015-01-01T00:00:00+00:00/2019-06-30T23:59:59+00:00",
        "limit": 3,
        "intersects": {
          "type": "Polygon",
          "coordinates": [
            [
              [-9.421045, 38.697795],
              [-9.417182, 38.697903],
              [-9.417193, 38.695031],
              [-9.421034, 38.694931],
              [-9.421045, 38.697795],
            ]
          ]
        }
      }
    }

Example query using identifiers:

.. code-block:: javascript

    {
        "aws-modis:1":
            {
                "ids": [
                    "MCD43A4.A2020182.h10v06.006.2020191030645"
                ]
            }
    }

Output format
-------------

> The output data is stored in a folder with same name as the Product ID. This folder contains total of 12 GeoTIFF files and 3 metadata files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output data is stored in a folder with the same name as the Product ID. This folder contains total of 12 GeoTIFF files and 3 metadata files.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestions! On it! :)

* Individual band files are suffixed with ``<productId>_B{1..11}.TIF``
* Quality assessment band ``<productId>_BQA.TIF``
* Overview file for each .TIF ``<productId>_.TIF.ovr``
* Metadata files ``data.json``, ``<productId>.hdf.xml`` and ``<productId>_meta.json``
* RGB composite file ``<productId>.1.jpg``
* Links to the GeoTIFFs ``index.html``

.. note::

>   Although the output files are GeoTIFF, we refer to the whole bundle as ``MTL`` format!

Reviewer 2: No exclamation mark here please. Is just a normal statement.
